Added the section for routing transitions (#350)
nativescript-vue/nativescript-vue.org: content/docs/en/routing/manual-routing.md

For more information about the options that you can pass, see [`NavigationEntry`](https://docs.nativescript.org/api-reference/interfaces/_ui_frame_.navigationentry).

> #### Using transitions while navigating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Specifying a transition
```

> You can use multiple transitions when routing.
> Can be one of the built-in transitions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any of the built-in transitions:
```

- curl (same as curlUp) (iOS only)
- curlUp (iOS only)
- curlDown (iOS only)
- explode (Android Lollipop(21) and up only)
- fade
- flip (same as flipRight)
- flipRight
- flipLeft
- slide (same as slideLeft)
- slideLeft
- slideRight
- slideTop
- slideBottom

For example:

```JavaScript
this.$navigateTo(Detail, {
  transition: {
    name: "slideLeft",
    duration: 300,
    curve: "easeIn"
  },

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
